The Joe Rogan experience. So what were you just saying, Jamie?
We have Ellie's stay at home.
Order will likely remain in place for the next three months,
unless there is a quote dramatic change to the virus and tools at hand
officials.
How are people supposed to feed themselves? Like really realistically,
how do they expect this to work?
You go out to work and then you skitter her back home.
That's not what they're saying. That's not what stay at home means.
Stay at home means, you know, go to work.
Yeah. But at the same time, they're opening up businesses, right?
Opening up very few businesses and you have to get curbside for retail. I.
Heard our governor in the state of California say that
70% of businesses are open now. Right.
Well, if that's the case, even if that was the case,
let's say 30% of people are out of work. That's catastrophic. Yeah.
I don't think it's true. I don't, I don't think 70% of the places are open.
That's what he said. 70% of the, even.
If they're open, they're not open at a hundred percent capacity.
Or they're probably working from home like offices,
he's probably counting offices and those people are still working, getting paid,
but they're doing it from.
I'm home. So this is just LA LA county LA. Yeah.
So that means like comedy store has no chance.
But yeah, I believe it was for the county. Yeah. So.
This is the same up who thought it would be a good idea to have people rat on
people for money technically. Right.
This was not coming from the mayor. This is coming from a health,
someone in the health department talking at a supervisor.
Meeting or something. So it was a suggestion. It wasn't a.
Not an official order, but it's.
Coming yet. Right. So it's not an official.
Non official or,
but LA is the densest county in America.
How about that? Those.
Are really.
More than New York. Yeah. As a county.
Huh? That seems.
Odd. Doesn't it? It does seem odd. It seems like there's like a, of.
New York city denser. Yeah. It's just New York. City's the, the,
the thing about New York city that makes it great.
Is it everybody sorta mingles together? Everybody gets on the subway together,
but he walks together on the streets. Yeah.
That's also the reason why everybody's getting sick together.
Yeah. But I saw an interesting thing that the highest,
this guy wrote an editorial about the reasons for New York
and he lives in New York and he said, Staten island had the highest number.
This was written before. I think Brooklyn is now alleged it, but at the time,
uh,
that Staten island was the highest and it was the least densely populated and
Manhattan, which is the most densely populated,
had the fewer number of cases. Hmm.
Hmm. Well, I wonder if that is similar to, you know,
what they're finding with people that work together or that in prisons and
particularly they're finding that there was this one prison,
they did a study on 98% of the people were asymptomatic.
Really?
98%. Yeah. 98%. It's nuts. Yeah.
It's weird. So I was bringing her up with a friend of mine and I was like, um,
what do you think this is? Because my friend Kyle Kalinsky. And he was like,
I think it's because their immune systems are strong.
Cause they're just interacting with each other constantly. And I was like, oh,
that kinda makes sense. Cause I was thinking, if you're in prison,
you're probably stressed out and you're getting bad.
Food. Yeah. And horrible sleep.
And yet your immune system strong. Right.
Cause you're just being bombarded all the time.
You're being bombarded all the time. By stinky, dirty people.
You live in an isolated, fancy place, right.
Purified air and all this.
You're in a wonderful community in Brentwood. You don't see your neighbors ever.
You don't go anywhere. Very fragile. Yeah. You go to the store, you come home.
And now our immune systems are, I would imagine,
and this is just pure speculation.
But I would imagine that your immune system is like all the other systems of
your body that when it gets tested, it gets stronger. Right?
Yeah.
Yeah. For sure.
So your immune system right now is being put into a state of atrophy because
it's not being exposed to anything new. Yeah.
It's, it's a, it's in a lounge chair. It's just chill.
It's got sunglasses on it. Hasn't worked in years.
Yeah. It's got soft leg cramp up when it goes upstairs.
And all of a sudden it gets called to go to work. And it's just like, dude, why.
Wouldn't you imagine that's the case.
It seems like it. Yeah. Yeah.
I can imagine we're setting ourselves up to get really sick if something comes
down the pipe. Yeah.
Yeah. Well that was what was very strange in the beginning of all this,
when people were saying that, you know, people just spout out,
you can't do anything for immune system. You can't make it stronger.
And it was like, really?
Who was saying.
That just online. I, I,
I did a thing with really just like people sprouting off. Yeah.
Crazy. Because online it's written and when you see things written like, wow,
this must make sense.
It's real.
I know it's got 150,000 likes. This has gotta be real.
It's just, Bob said it it's just a matter of a guy like walking to the street.
It's the same thing. Right.
I don't understand how we could take three more months off. Yeah.
Um, well it depends what they mean by, I mean, you know, when you talk,
when you hear the governor talk, it's, you know,
he's moving it along and he's getting these phases and we're getting and pushing
it through and it says it doesn't, I don't,
I don't think it's going to be as I'm stammering because the realization I don't
w I don't know.
I don't think it's going to be like what it was in April in may.
Why not July? Because I.
Because I want to go outside. I think so, too. LA county breaches, uh,
beaches reopen May 13th. Yes.
You can't hang out on your lounge. You can't hang out on your towel.
You got to go in, go.
Make that larger. Please just go back to where it was. You can do water sports,
More sitting on the sand. Canopies cores are picnicking, right?
You can, you can be active. You can.
Go swim and lots are closed. So where they expect you to park.
They don't want.
You to go individual family activities and exercise only.
Hmm. Yeah. So you can go down, you can swim.
You could ride the waves and then get out of the ocean and get back in your car.
Thinking you can't picnic.
No biking, no biking. No. Why.
Can't you bike?
I have to say no volleyball that you see that round circle with the slash
through it, with the giant canopies. Those should be banned all year.
Have you ever been next to one of those?
Oh, these are disgusting. Oh my why? Why are you allowed to set up camp?
Building a house? You're basically saying this is my area of the sand,
like.
Blocking everyone's view.
Yeah. You can get a towel. That's what you get. You get a towel and that's it.
It's how it's always been.
No, these people come down there. They've got coolers and tables. Hire them.
They seem to have fences. Now people are setting up beach fences. Yeah. Yeah.
They're selling beach fences. You set it up.
You stick it in the sand and you mark off your area. Oh.
My God.
We're creating dorks. Yeah.
Oh, this is all before social distance.
These are just people making camps there and bringing 20 twenty-five people, uh,
here.
So reopens. Tomorrow's what they're saying. Yeah, baby. Yeah. Well, that's good.
That's, that's a start. I think we need to move in the other direction.
I think we need to quarantine people that are at risk.
That's what I think really. And then let people make their own choices.
You know, this, the,
the idea that these hospitals are going to be overwhelmed is not true.
It's not correct. Luckily we're very fortunate. Yeah.
And the idea that we're going to run out of ventilators, that's not true either.
Right? So,
and then also if that doctor that worked with Michael yo was telling you this
before we started, the doctor said that if he put him on a ventilator,
he would die. Um,
cause his body would stop trying to breathe and it would just sort of give up.
And this is what Michael Yos doctors told him. And he, he survived.
And then we're finding out that a lot of people they put on ventilators don't
make it. And I wonder if what he's saying applies to those people.
Right? He was, he has a special case of way.
They didn't want him on the ventilator.
No, it was doctors, just a wise guy. He's just smart and just figured it out.
Well, I mean.
I mean, it, it's a weird thing to think, you know, what,
what if we hadn't done all of these measures, would the hospitals,
because the hospitals for a beat were crazy. It depends on where you are.
Like if you were in Queens, it was insane.
Yeah. There's places where it's horrible. Yeah. So.
Like, if you, if we hadn't done these things,
what would have the result of them?
It's a good question. You know? I mean,
would we have achieved herd immunity or would we have achieved it
quicker? Yeah. Know,
herd immunity is like 60% of the people who've been infected.
And then right then the virus sort of dies off.
Right. You know, when you look at the Spanish flu,
when you look at the history of that and you know,
the places that did something fared much better than the places that didn't the
end result was, you know, all these people died. It,
it goes through the same amount of time, but just,
you have a lot more fatalities, you know? And it's,
this it's always been this kind of calculation. Like, you know,
people are doing the math.
I feel like people are doing the math and they're saying, okay,
X amount will die,
but we've got to get back to work and get these people to work.
And they're trying to figure out that equation.
It's the suffering of the people that are probably going to survive.
Even if they get it,
is that suffering going to be greater than the suffering for families who lose
people. Right. So that's that balancing act.
And you can see where people are coming out on it. Certain places are like, no,
it's just time to go. And yeah, there'll be casualties, but we'll deal.
And other people are saying, save lives at all costs.
Well, if we say save lives at all costs, we should all stop driving.
I don't want to do that too. So I can't go. Yeah, no, I know what you're saying.
Yeah. Right. There's things that are risks.
This is one of those things. That's a,
it's a uniquely human problem because there's no real answer for it because most
human problems [inaudible]. Yeah. You know what I mean?
Yeah, yeah, no. Right. You don't, uh, you kind of, we are,
we're all isolated on this one thing. And then you stop thinking, well,
we've live at risk all day long, every, you know.
Well, not only do we live at risk all day long,
but we make decisions that could put ourselves at risk and we're
allowed to make those decisions. But with this,
you're not allowed to make those decisions.
And the ideas will because you put others at risk. Okay.
But who and why? And do, do you know, when do we decide,
like how long can we go on with this? If we don't have any new tools in July,
what is going to be the difference between July and now?
Well, that's what Fowchee saying about the fall. He saying that, you know,
there's going to be a resurgence of it in the fall.
You're going to have more because it's the flu season.
People are going to eat and you need to be prepared to,
with testing and stuff too,
to deal with this in the right way or else you're back to what we were dealing
with in April and may. And that you've gotta be,
you gotta learn from it and be prepared. And it's the testing, the testing,
the testing.
Yeah. It just seems, you know, Elan just opened up his factory in California,
the Tesla factory and said, come, come arrest me. Right. Basically saying,
what you're doing is a violation of civil liberties.
You're telling people that they're not allowed to go to work and that this is a,
we come a fascist state. See how that goes.
Yeah. I kind of feel like they they're seeing,
like they know that they'll save lives this way, but they don't. I mean, look,
if you're the, if you're the governor, right, what do you do? What do you do?
I mean, you want, you want people to be safe,
but you also are looking at the books every day and realizing that your state
is in need of a trillion dollars to survive. Like yeah.
It would be if, if, I mean, if that's, it, it might be a lot more than that.
Like, you know,
it's just based on what we know is active in the businesses that are open right
now. I mean, how many, a friend of mine was saying,
how many people are unemployed right now? And they don't even know it. Yeah.
Business is just never going to make it right.
And then also there's going to be less people with money.
So there's going to be less spending.
So these are comments that need some sort of a research.
So if you're the governor,
you're not out there just to control people and take away their civil liberties
because you're screwing yourself on the other end, you know,
with people being broken, the economy falling apart. So you're in this,
in this spot. I do not envy it.
Also, when you start telling people what to do, it's very difficult to stop.
Once you have the ability to tell people what to do,
it's very difficult to just turn that off and go, go ahead, go back to normal.
Do whatever you want to do now. Right. Right.
Which is what we used to do just four months ago. Right?
Do whatever you want to do. But now all of a sudden,
did you see that goofy list that they put out of all the stuff you can and can't
do? No. It's even goofier than the list that we saw about the beaches.
It's really preposterous.
This really long list that California put out of things you're allowed to do
outside. You can meditate. You can do soft martial arts.
You can watch the sunrise or the sunset meets. So asinine.
It's just so it's, you're getting people in this case,
you're getting people that have no business telling people what to do.
And all of a sudden they've been assigned this ability to tell people what
they're allowed to do and not to do. Right. And so they make this gigantic,
stupid list. And it's really offensive. It is a weird thing.
It's dumb. Yeah. Crenshaw put something up on his Instagram,
see if you can find it where he, he shows what you can and can't do.
And this one particular list and how preposterous it is.
There's a bunch of lists that different states are putting up in different
states have different approaches.
One thing that I do like about the fact that we are the United States of America
is a different states do have different approaches.
And we get to watch how that experiment plays out.
Experiment. Isn't it like? I'm just like, so how's Georgia everywhere.
Every day I sit down like what's going on?
Yeah. Permitted, walking, running, exercising, surfing fishing,
no chairs Bar.
Habited sunbathing sitting in chairs, groups,
sports groups of people swimming.
And here's what he says for your daily dose of things that are stupid.
Here you go. How many geniuses sat around and deliberated over those,
these particulars? Okay. They can fish,
but we don't want them getting any sun while they fish and no chairs because we
are saving lives, high fives all around
He's so right. I guess this is New Jersey. O C N J that's New Jersey,
right? Eh.
Yeah. Yeah. Ocean county. New Jersey. Yeah.
Off. off with that group.